Improve documentation for `kubernetes.io/enforce-mountable-secrets` (#42741)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts.md

You can also use TokenRequest to obtain short-lived tokens for your external application.
{{< /note >}}

### Restricting access to Secrets {#enforce-mountable-secrets}

Kubernetes provides an annotation called `kubernetes.io/enforce-mountable-secrets`
that you can add to your ServiceAccounts. When this annotation is applied,
the ServiceAccount's secrets can only be mounted on specified types of resources,
enhancing the security posture of your cluster.

You can add the annotation to a ServiceAccount using a manifest:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ServiceAccount
metadata:
  annotations:
    kubernetes.io/enforce-mountable-secrets: "true"
  name: my-serviceaccount
  namespace: my-namespace
```
When this annotation is set to "true", the Kubernetes control plane ensures that
the Secrets from this ServiceAccount are subject to certain mounting restrictions.

> 

Reviewer: Ideally: document those restrictions.

You can also use TokenRequest to obtain short-lived tokens for your external application.
{{< /note >}}

### Enforcing Mountable Secrets using Annotations {#enforce-mountable-secrets}

Kubernetes provides an annotation called `kubernetes.io/enforce-mountable-secrets` that you can add to your ServiceAccounts.
When this annotation is applied, the service account's secrets can only be mounted on specified types of resources, enhancing the security posture of your cluster.

> #### How to Add the Annotation

Reviewer 2: This doesn't need to be a subsection.

You can add the annotation to a ServiceAccount using a manifest:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ServiceAccount
metadata:
  annotations:
    kubernetes.io/enforce-mountable-secrets: "true"
  name: my-serviceaccount
  namespace: my-namespace
```

#### Effect on the Cluster

> 

Reviewer 2: Remove this.

> specified in the annotation value.

Reviewer: This is technically inaccurate. If the annotation value is `true` it can't also be a list of resource kinds.

> When this annotation is set to true, the Kubernetes control plane ensures that the secrets belonging to this ServiceAccount are only mountable on the resource types specified in the annotation value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When this annotation is set to "true", the Kubernetes control plane ensures that
the Secrets from this ServiceAccount are only mountable on the resource kinds
specified in the annotation value.
```

Reviewer: This looks wrong. How confident are you @chansuke that this is the actual behavior of Kubernetes?

> For more information about the authentication process, refer to
> [kubernetes.io/enforce-mountable-secrets {#enforce-mountable-secrets}](/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts/#enforce-mountable-secrets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We shouldn't try to link to the section we're in.

> [kubernetes.io/enforce-mountable-secrets {#enforce-mountable-secrets}](https://k8s.io/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts/#enforce-mountable-secrets).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[kubernetes.io/enforce-mountable-secrets {#enforce-mountable-secrets}](/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts/#enforce-mountable-secrets).
```

> [kubernetes.io/enforce-mountable-secrets {#enforce-mountable-secrets}](/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md#kubernetesioenforce-mountable-secrets-enforce-mountable-secrets).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[the documentation on this annotation](/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/#enforce-mountable-secrets).
```

Reviewer: I prefer the text @chansuke proposed, here. This link is to a reference page @tengqm and not to documentation about using the annotation.

You can also use TokenRequest to obtain short-lived tokens for your external application.
{{< /note >}}

### Restricting access to Secrets {#enforce-mountable-secrets}

Kubernetes provides an annotation called `kubernetes.io/enforce-mountable-secrets`
that you can add to your ServiceAccounts. When this annotation is applied,
the ServiceAccount's secrets can only be mounted on specified types of resources,
enhancing the security posture of your cluster.

You can add the annotation to a ServiceAccount using a manifest:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ServiceAccount
metadata:
  annotations:
    kubernetes.io/enforce-mountable-secrets: "true"
  name: my-serviceaccount
  namespace: my-namespace
```
When this annotation is set to "true", the Kubernetes control plane ensures that
the Secrets from this ServiceAccount are subject to certain mounting restrictions.

> 1. Secrets mounted as volumes must appear in the ServiceAccount's secrets field.
> 1. Secrets referenced in envFrom in containers or initContainers must also appear in the ServiceAccount's secrets field.
> 1. Secrets referenced in imagePullSecrets of Pods must match those in the ServiceAccount's imagePullSecrets field.

Reviewer: Something like this?
```suggestion
1. The name of each Secret that is mounted as a volume in a Pod must appear in the `secrets` field of the
   Pod's ServiceAccount.
1. The name of each Secret referenced using `envFrom` in a Pod must also appear in the `secrets`
   field of the Pod's ServiceAccount.
1. The name of each Secret referenced using `imagePullSecrets` in a Pod must also appear in the `secrets`
   field of the Pod's ServiceAccount.
```
or, better, try to simplify the wording.
